simplify developing modules (#77647)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_modules_general.rst

Verifying your module code locally
----------------------------------

The simplest way is to use ``ansible`` adhoc command:

.. code:: shell

>     ansilbe -m library/my_test.py -a '... arguments' remotehost

Reviewer: typo in the command

If your module does not need to target a remote host, you can quickly and easily exercise your code locally like this:

.. code:: shell

>     ansilbe -m library/my_test.py -a '... arguments' localhost

Reviewer: Typo

> -  If for any reason you want to avoid going through Ansible, another way is to create an arguments file, a basic JSON config file that passes parameters to your module so that you can run it. Name the arguments file ``/tmp/args.json`` and add the following content:

Reviewer: Could list reasons:
- print() is available for debugging.
- pdb works as expected.
- Running the module using Python can be much faster for development.

        }
    }

> -  Now yu can run your test module locally and directly:
>    ``$ python -m library/my_test.py /tmp/args.json``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Now you can run your test module locally and directly:
   ``$ python library/my_test.py /tmp/args.json``
```

information, including instructions for :ref:`testing module documentation <testing_module_documentation>`, adding :ref:`integration tests <testing_integration>`, and more.

.. note::

>   If contirbuting to Ansible, every new module and plugin should have integration tests, even if the tests cannot be run on Ansible CI infrastructure.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  If contributing to Ansible, every new module and plugin should have integration tests, even if the tests cannot be run on Ansible CI infrastructure.
```
